# The JacksonScript Code of Conduct

<small>modeled after [The JSConfâ„¢ Code of
Conduct](http://jsconf.com/codeofconduct.html)</small>

All presenters, sponsors, and volunteers at any JacksonScript event are
required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organizers will enforce
this code throughout every event.

## The Quick Version

JacksonScript is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical
appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of
meeting participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not
appropriate for any meeting or post meeting social activities. Meeting
participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the
meeting without a refund at the discretion of the meeting organizers.

## The Less Quick Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual
images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following,
harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other
events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular,
sponsors should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material. Booth
staff (including volunteers) should not use sexualized
clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualized environment.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the meeting organizers may take
any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion
from the meeting with no refund.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, please contact a meeting organizer immediately. Meeting
organizers will introduce themselves at the beginning of each meeting.

Meeting organizers will be happy to help participants contact venue security or
local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing
harassment to feel safe for the duration of the meeting. We value your
attendance.

We expect participants to follow these rules at all meeting venues, all
meeting-related social events, and on the JacksonScript mailing list.
